[17.0][IMP] server_environment: allow to overwrite odoo config options (#197)
OCA/server-env: server_environment/readme/CONFIGURE.md

  can override or extend default values;
- you can override or extend values in the main configuration file of
  your instance;
- In some platforms (like odoo.sh where production config file is copied to staging)

>   it can be usefull to overwrite options write in the `[options]` section. You must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it can be useful to overwrite options written in the `[options]` section. You must
```

>   allow the overwrite by adding `server_environment_allow_overwrite_options_section = True``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allow the overwrite by adding `server_environment_allow_overwrite_options_section = True`
```
